This file provides corrections or additions to the online manual.

Additions to the Troubleshooting Chapter
     
I am unable to connect to a network that uses a certificate. 

Some AAA servers can be configured to require the outer tunnel to have a different identity then the inner tunnel. The Logon or Identity field in the advanced property dialog on the Client Identity tab is to override the default behavior. This can be important with tunneling protocols such as TTLS and PEAP. In addition Microsoft IAS requires the client identity be changes to DOMAIN\COMPUTER\<CERITIFICATE_NAME> for TLS profiles which are using machine certificates.

   
I am unable to authenticate after successfully creating an OPEN / WEP based profile in the wizard.      

802.1X networks appear as open networks to the Wireless driver. Normally 802.1X networks are found in enterprise environments. Uses experiencing difficulty connecting to the network through an open Access Point should clarify with their technical support staff if indeed the Access Point is using an 802.1x protocol for authentication.

Advanced Property Changes

The Advanced Tab has a new option "VLAN Priority Mode," which can be set to OFF, ON, or AUTO.  ON and AUTO are the same for now.  AUTO is the default. This allows the NDIS driver to always advertise QoS regardless of whether WMM is enabled.

On transmit, when this option is ON, and Afterburner is not enabled, and the packet does not already contain a VLAN tag, and the priority is non-zero, and the association is non-WMM, then a Priority Tag is added to the 802.11 packet.

On reception, when this option is ON, and Afterburner is not enabled, and the packet has a VLAN tag, and the VLAN ID is zero, then the VLAN tag will be stripped and the priority from the tag will be assigned to the packet.  This will be done whether or not the association is WMM because WMM appendix A.6 indicates WMM STAs must be able to accept VLAN-tagged packets.

Installshield Documentation

Installshield has a variety of command line options. Each of the options
below are not case sensitive, and may be used with a "-" or "/". Separate
multiple command line switches with a space, but do not put a space
inside a command line switch (for example, /r /f1Install.iss is valid,
but not /r/f1 Install.iss). When using long path and filename expressions
with switches, enclose the expressions in double quotation marks. The 
enclosing double quotes tell the operating system that spaces within 
the quotation marks are not to be treated as command line delimiters

   -app
      Install the tray only, and not the driver

   -on
      Turns Wireless Zero Config off and configures the Broadcom Tray
      Utility to manage the network
   
   /wlconfig:[file to import]
      Import preferred network profiles at the end of installation
      This option does not support the "-" prefix.
   
   -f1[path\ResponseFile]
      Specifies an alternate location and name of the response file 
      (.iss file). If this option is used when running InstallShield 
      Silent, the response file is read from the folder/file specified 
      by [path\ResponseFile]. If this option is used along with the -r 
      option, the response file is written to the folder/file specified
      by[path\ResponseFile]
   
   -f2[path\LogFile]
      Specifies an alternate location and name of the log file created 
      by InstallShield Silent. By default, Setup.log log file is created
      and stored in the same directory as that of Setup.inx.
   
   -l[language ID]
      Specifies the language in which the setup runs. [language ID] is a 
      numeric language ID of the form 0xnnnn or simply nnnn. The setup 
      runs in this language regardless of the default setup language 
      specified in the IDE or the default language of the target system. 
      This switch has no effect when the setup is running silently and a 
      Lang key is set in th e [Application] section of Setup.iss. Recording 
      a response file (by running Setup.exe with the -r switch) sets the 
      Lang key automatically; for the -l switch to affect a silent setup, 
      this key must be deleted from Setup.iss
   
   -m[filename]
      Causes Setup.exe to generate a Management Information Format (.mif) 
      file automatically at the end of the setup. Do not include a path or 
      an extension. The .mif file is always placed in the temp folder. 
      [filename] is optional. If you do not specify a filename, the 
      resulting file will be called Status.mif
   
   -m1[serial number]
      Tells setup to place the indicated serial number in the .mif file 
      that is generated by the -m switch
   
   -m2[locale string]
      Tells setup to place the indicated locale in the .mif file that is 
      generated by the -m switch. English (ENU) is the default; refer to 
      Microsoft documentation for a complete listing of locale strings
   
   -r
      Causes Setup.exe automatically to generate a silent setup file (.iss 
      file), which is a record of the setup input, in the Windows folder
   
   -s
      Runs InstallShield Silent to execute a silent setup
   
   -verbose
      Provides more detailed information when a Setup.exe error occurs
   
   -infdir:
      Specifies a subdirectory to find inf files. 
   
